feat: bump (#582)
commercetools/test-data: .changeset/cuddly-socks-compete.md

---
'@commercetools-test-data/cart-discount': patch
---

> add disctributionChannelRef and supplyChanelRef to discunt value gift line item test data in the fraphQl response

Reviewer: ```suggestion
add distributionChannelRef and supplyChannelRef to discount value gift line item test data in the graphQl response
```
